Monitor limit increase (#2939)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/monitors/monitor-faq.md

And so on.

## Is there a limit to the number of monitors I can have?

> You can have up to 5,000 monitors (active and inactive) simultaneously.

Reviewer: By default the limit is per the subscription type. user need to reach out to customer support to bump to 5k monitors. i think we should mention that.

Author: Thanks for the quick feedback! Where can the user find their current subscription type limit? I don't see it under **Account** > **Administration**.

Reviewer: documented @ https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GOB3Ppo7wa1ft-RY1ePk1ymgT0x43AuAy1rhG3Nf6k/edit# but don't know if we want to do @ docs

Reviewer: @kimsauce , 
can we say , you can increase the monitor limit up to 5000 by reaching out to customer support?

> You can have up to 5,000 monitors (active and inactive) simultaneously.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Sumo Logic Pricing](https://www.sumologic.com/pricing) to learn the number of monitors (active and inactive) you can run simultaneously. You can increase the monitor limit up to 5000 by reaching out to our support team.
```

Author: @rmamilla-sumo , thank you for your help! What do you think of these edits?

Reviewer: Looks good. Thanks.
